A Command Line Interface for poking at Mozilla's Inventory project.

An Example
----------
To create the A record you would first look at the output of the command:

```
invdns A create --help
```

Not that you know what the options are let's create the A record `host1.scl3.mozilla.com A 10.2.3.4`.

The command will look something like this:
```
~/ » ./bin/invdns A create --fqdn host1.scl3.mozilla.com --ip 10.2.3.4
http_status: 201 (created)
comment:
domain: scl3.mozilla.com
views: []
ttl: 3600
fqdn: host1.scl3.mozilla.com
label: host1
meta: {u'soa': u'SOA for scl3.mozilla.com', u'fqdn': u'host1.scl3.mozilla.com'}
http_status: 201
ip_type: 4
ip_str: 10.2.3.4
pk: 13033
resource_uri: /mozdns/api/v1_dns/addressrecord/13033/
```

Whenever you create an object the tool will display information about that
object. Note that the object does not belong to any view. To add the object to
the private view you can run this command:

```
~/ » invdns A update --pk 13033 --private
```

The `--pk` flag tells the api which object you want to update. The pk field is
returned to you when you create the object and can be used to update, delete,
or show details about an object.

_An object's primary key (pk) is only unique within it's own type. (The
exception to this rule is A and AAAA records which are considered be the same type
of object)._

If you forget an object's primary key, you can look the object up by using the
`search` command. Printed before every object is the object's primary key.
Let's look up our A record.

```
~/ » invdns search -q "host1.scl"
13033 host1.scl3.mozilla.com.                  3600 IN  A    10.2.3.4
```

It's primary key is indeed 13033.

Let's add a comment to out record.

```
~/ » invdns A update --pk 13033 --comment "foobar comment"
...
...
```

Every call to update is translated into a PATCH request that is sent to the
server. The request contains the fields that should updated and the values that
should be used to patch the fields.

You can get a detailed description of an object by using the `detail` command.

```
~/ » invdns A detail --pk 13033
...
...
```

To delete an object use the `delete` command.

```
~/ » invdns A delete --pk 13033
...
...
```

Notes on installing:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
